Add formatting scheme to wiki (#39)
linebender/linebender.github.io: content/wiki/formatting_scheme.md

+++
title = "Formatting scheme for Linebender projects"
+++

## Copyright

Code files should start with a copypright notice following this format:

```rust
// Copyright 2024 the XXXX Authors
// SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 OR MIT
```

The year should be the file's creation year.
"XXXX" should be the project's name.
The license depends on the project and the file type, but is usually "either Apache 2.0 or MIT License, whichever is least restrictive".

## Rust

Most Linebender projects files are written in Rust.

> For those files, the default formatting produced by `rustfmt` is fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those files, the formatting produced by `rustfmt` is required.
```

1. It's usually default, but may not be if we introduce `rustfmt.toml` like we have for Druid.
2. The use of *fine* implies there's a different option. However it's actually a strict requirement that the formatting matches what `rustfmt` produces.

## Markdown

> In Markdown files, every paragraph should have one line per sentence. This makes git diff easier to read.

Reviewer: Might be worth linking to:
* https://nick.groenen.me/notes/one-sentence-per-line/
* https://sive.rs/1s

As additional resources here for the rationale.

> In Markdown files, every paragraph should have one line per sentence. This makes git diff easier to read.

Reviewer 2: Is this an intentional joke, or just an amusing accident (that these two sentences are in one line?)

I would accept this being the only exception to that rule, but I don't think it's possible to document that, so I think we should fix it

Author: Accident. Seriously, this rule is so annoying to apply. I don't know any auto-formatter that applies it.
